[CTOR-1540]-Refresh applications-monitoring-alyvix-restapi doc page (#4271)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-alyvix-restapi.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Alyvix Server** must be installed and configured on a dedicated Windows Server machine.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Centreon pollers must also be able to reach the Alyvix Rest API on the TCP/80 or TCP/443 port(s).
```

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Overview

Alyvix is an open source APM software tool for visual monitoring.

Build end-user bots visually interacting with any Windows application like ERPs or your favourite browser.
Measure end-user experiences: Alyvix records the click-to-appearance responsiveness of each transaction.

> Report IT service quality to support technical and business actions.

Reviewer: remove

> > The *Alyvix Server* Monitoring Connector **can not** be used with the Open-Source free version of Alyvix, as the Rest API feature is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The *Alyvix Server* Monitoring Connector **cannot** be used with the Open-Source free version of Alyvix, as the Rest API feature is only
```

> > available in the commercial version. Get in touch with your Centreon Sales representative to get a quote!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> available in the commercial version. Get in touch with your sales representative to get a quote.
```
